31.  Discuss a few **OCR** applications.
Optical character recognition (OCR) normally is the conversion of images contain handwritten or printed text into machine-encoded text. The text can come from a scanned document, a photo of a document, a scene-photo or in the wild photo(no restriction). Usually, the latter is more technical difficult and require larger amount of text data. 
Here are some OCR applications:
- Conversion OCR-processed digital files, such as receipts, contracts, invoices, financial statements. For example, we have a bunch of receipts and we wants to automatically arrange them and able to search for useful information. The process of digitalize receipts papers would cost a lot of time and with the support of efficient OCR methods, we can take picture of receipts and convert into target typed automatically. However, current state-of-the-art OCR methods does not ensure 100% accuracy on the information scanned, so we need some kind of error-handling after doing OCR to give best performance.
- Passport recognition, business card detect& recognition: this type of cards/papers have already the information text fixed and can be extract efficiently. E.g: We could have an app scan business card and automatically add phone number into contact list
- Captcha solving: In the old days, it could be use to solve captcha. But in todays, usually captchas were change to image verification
- Detect hand-writing text and digitalize useful information: However, the hand-writing recognition is still in research field rather than production side due to the challenges of recognition